The moon is rising again,
and today is beginning to end
I’m gulping down
the words of wishes I’ve made
Bursting into tears on a Friday night,
but you’ll still be okay
Run now, run
If you want to change tomorrow,
in that case, in that case…
Not yet, not yet, not yet
It’s making another round on the night sky
It waxes and wanes, and gets washed away
I can’t laugh
if all I ever do is to watch the time
The sky rabbit is spinning around
You equal tomorrow
Don’t lose against tomorrow
I don’t want to turn my back on it,
that’s why, that’s why
Right now, right now…
I aimed for the distant moon
The sky today
has been washed far away, to the west
It’s beyond my reach
Beyond my reach…
My tears have soaked the night
The sky today
has been washed far away, to the night
“Don’t cry anymore”
I aimed for the distant moon
The sky today
brought forth a rain of many stars
This isn’t a dream!
It’s not a dream…
『Spinning Sky Rabbit』 - Orangestar feat.Miku
Cover : DAZBEE
Subtitle : Natalia